#!/bin/sh

SCRIPT=PhpFunctionCall
FUNCS="json_encode json_decode inet_ntop inet_pton error_get_last strptime
htmlspecialchars_decode zend_version strlen strcmp strncmp strcasecmp
strncasecmp each error_reporting define defined get_parent_class
method_exists class_exists interface_exists function_exists
get_included_files get_required_files is_subclass_of is_a get_class_vars
get_object_vars get_class_methods trigger_error user_error set_error_handler
restore_error_handler set_exception_handler restore_exception_handler
get_declared_classes get_declared_interfaces get_defined_functions
get_defined_vars create_function get_resource_type get_loaded_extensions
extension_loaded get_extension_funcs get_defined_constants debug_backtrace
debug_print_backtrace xmlrpc_encode xmlrpc_decode xmlrpc_decode_request
xmlrpc_encode_request xmlrpc_get_type xmlrpc_set_type xmlrpc_is_fault
utf8_encode utf8_decode token_get_all token_name constant bin2hex sleep
usleep time_nanosleep time mktime gmmktime strftime gmstrftime strtotime
date idate gmdate getdate localtime checkdate flush wordwrap
htmlspecialchars htmlentities html_entity_decode get_html_translation_table
sha1 sha1_file md5 md5_file crc32 iptcparse iptcembed getimagesize
image_type_to_mime_type phpinfo phpversion phpcredits php_logo_guid
php_real_logo_guid php_egg_logo_guid zend_logo_guid php_sapi_name php_uname
php_ini_scanned_files strnatcmp strnatcasecmp substr_count strspn strcspn
strtok strtoupper strtolower strpos stripos strrpos strripos strrev hebrev
hebrevc nl2br basename dirname pathinfo stripslashes stripcslashes strstr
stristr strrchr str_shuffle str_word_count str_split strpbrk substr_compare
strcoll money_format substr substr_replace quotemeta ucfirst ucwords strtr
addslashes addcslashes rtrim str_replace str_ireplace str_repeat count_chars
chunk_split trim ltrim strip_tags similar_text explode implode setlocale
localeconv nl_langinfo soundex levenshtein chr ord parse_str str_pad chop
strchr sprintf printf vprintf vsprintf fprintf vfprintf sscanf fscanf
parse_url urlencode urldecode rawurlencode rawurldecode http_build_query
readlink linkinfo symlink link unlink exec system escapeshellcmd
escapeshellarg passthru shell_exec proc_open proc_close proc_terminate
proc_get_status proc_nice rand srand getrandmax mt_rand mt_srand
mt_getrandmax getservbyname getservbyport getprotobyname getprotobynumber
getmyuid getmygid getmypid getmyinode getlastmod base64_decode base64_encode
convert_uuencode convert_uudecode abs ceil floor round sin cos tan asin acos
atan atan2 sinh cosh tanh asinh acosh atanh expm1 log1p pi is_finite is_nan
is_infinite pow exp log log10 sqrt hypot deg2rad rad2deg bindec hexdec
octdec decbin decoct dechex base_convert number_format fmod ip2long long2ip
getenv putenv getopt microtime gettimeofday getrusage uniqid
quoted_printable_decode convert_cyr_string get_current_user set_time_limit
get_cfg_var get_magic_quotes_gpc get_magic_quotes_runtime
import_request_variables error_log call_user_func call_user_func_array
call_user_method call_user_method_array serialize unserialize var_dump
var_export debug_zval_dump print_r unregister_tick_function highlight_file
show_source highlight_string php_strip_whitespace php_check_syntax ini_get
ini_get_all ini_set ini_alter ini_restore get_include_path set_include_path
restore_include_path setcookie setrawcookie header headers_sent headers_list
connection_aborted connection_status ignore_user_abort parse_ini_file
is_uploaded_file move_uploaded_file gethostbyaddr gethostbyname
gethostbynamel dns_check_record checkdnsrr dns_get_mx getmxrr dns_get_record
intval floatval doubleval strval gettype settype is_null is_resource is_bool
is_long is_float is_int is_integer is_double is_real is_numeric is_string
is_array is_object is_scalar is_callable ereg ereg_replace eregi
eregi_replace split spliti join sql_regcase dl pclose popen readfile rewind
rmdir umask fclose feof fgetc fgets fgetss fread fopen fpassthru ftruncate
fstat fseek ftell fflush fwrite fputs mkdir rename copy tempnam tmpfile file
file_get_contents file_put_contents fgetcsv flock get_meta_tags
set_file_buffer get_headers realpath fnmatch fsockopen pfsockopen pack
unpack get_browser crypt opendir closedir chdir chroot getcwd rewinddir
readdir dir scandir glob fileatime filectime filegroup fileinode filemtime
fileowner fileperms filesize filetype file_exists is_writable is_writeable
is_readable is_executable is_file is_dir is_link stat lstat chown chgrp
chmod touch clearstatcache disk_total_space disk_free_space diskfreespace
mail ezmlm_hash openlog syslog closelog define_syslog_variables lcg_value
metaphone ob_start ob_flush ob_clean ob_end_flush ob_end_clean ob_get_flush
ob_get_clean ob_get_length ob_get_level ob_get_status ob_get_contents
ob_implicit_flush ob_list_handlers ksort krsort natsort natcasesort asort
arsort sort rsort usort uasort uksort shuffle array_walk
array_walk_recursive count end prev next reset current key min max in_array
array_search extract compact array_fill range array_multisort array_push
array_pop array_shift array_unshift array_splice array_slice array_merge
array_merge_recursive array_keys array_values array_count_values
array_reverse array_reduce array_pad array_flip array_change_key_case
array_rand array_unique array_intersect array_uintersect
array_intersect_assoc array_uintersect_assoc array_intersect_uassoc
array_uintersect_uassoc array_diff array_udiff array_diff_assoc
array_udiff_assoc array_diff_uassoc array_udiff_uassoc array_sum
array_filter array_map array_chunk array_combine array_key_exists pos sizeof
key_exists assert assert_options version_compare ftok str_rot13
stream_get_filters output_add_rewrite_var output_reset_rewrite_vars
date_sunrise date_sunset spl_classes class_parents class_implements
use_soap_error_handler is_soap_fault simplexml_load_file
simplexml_load_string simplexml_import_dom session_name session_module_name
session_save_path session_id session_regenerate_id session_decode
session_register session_unregister session_is_registered session_encode
session_start session_destroy session_unset session_set_save_handler
session_cache_limiter session_cache_expire session_set_cookie_params
session_get_cookie_params session_write_close session_commit posix_kill
posix_getpid posix_getppid posix_getuid posix_setuid posix_geteuid
posix_seteuid posix_getgid posix_setgid posix_getegid posix_setegid
posix_getgroups posix_getlogin posix_getpgrp posix_setsid posix_setpgid
posix_getpgid posix_getsid posix_uname posix_times posix_ctermid
posix_ttyname posix_isatty posix_getcwd posix_mkfifo posix_getgrnam
posix_getgrgid posix_getpwnam posix_getpwuid posix_getrlimit
posix_get_last_error posix_errno posix_strerror preg_match preg_match_all
preg_replace preg_replace_callback preg_split preg_quote preg_grep
pcntl_fork pcntl_waitpid pcntl_wait pcntl_signal pcntl_wifexited
pcntl_wifstopped pcntl_wifsignaled pcntl_wexitstatus pcntl_wtermsig
pcntl_wstopsig pcntl_exec pcntl_alarm pcntl_getpriority pcntl_setpriority
mime_content_type iconv ob_iconv_handler iconv_get_encoding
iconv_set_encoding iconv_strlen iconv_substr iconv_strpos iconv_strrpos
iconv_mime_encode iconv_mime_decode iconv_mime_decode_headers gd_info
imagetypes jpeg2wbmp png2wbmp image2wbmp imagelayereffect imagecolormatch
imagefilter dom_import_simplexml ctype_alnum ctype_alpha ctype_cntrl
ctype_digit ctype_lower ctype_graph ctype_print ctype_punct ctype_space
ctype_upper ctype_xdigit readgzfile gzrewind gzclose gzeof gzgetc gzgets
gzgetss gzread gzopen gzpassthru gzseek gztell gzwrite gzputs gzfile
gzcompress gzuncompress gzdeflate gzinflate gzencode ob_gzhandler
zlib_get_coding_type"


# start
if [ -e $SCRIPT ]
then

   for F in $FUNCS
   do

      ln -s $SCRIPT $F

   done

fi
